spring-cloud-starter-task-spark-cluster/README.adoc, before:

//tag::ref-doc[]
= Spark Cluster Task

This task is intended to launch a Spark application. 
The task submits the Spark application for execution in a Spark cluster. 
This task is appropriate for a deployments where any file references can be resolved to a shared location.

== Options

// see syntax (soon to be automatically generated) in spring-cloud-stream starters
The **$$spark-cluster$$** $$task$$ has the following options:

//tag::configuration-properties[]
$$spark.app-args$$:: $$The arguments for the Spark application.$$ *($$String[]$$, default: `$$[]$$`)*
$$spark.app-class$$:: $$The main class for the Spark application.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spark.app-jar$$:: $$The path to a bundled jar that includes your application and its dependencies, excluding any Spark dependencies.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spark.app-name$$:: $$The name to use for the Spark application submission.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spark.app-status-poll-interval$$:: $$The interval (ms) to use for polling for the App status.$$ *($$Long$$, default: `$$10000$$`)*
$$spark.executor-memory$$:: $$The memory setting to be used for each executor.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$1024M$$`)*
$$spark.master$$:: $$The master setting to be used (spark://host:port).$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$spark://localhost:7077$$`)*
$$spark.resource-archives$$:: $$A comma separated list of archive files to be included with the app submission.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spark.resource-files$$:: $$A comma separated list of files to be included with the application submission.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spark.rest-url$$:: $$The URL for the Spark REST API to be used (spark://host:port).$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$spark://localhost:6066$$`)*
//end::configuration-properties[]

== Building with Maven

```
$ ./mvnw clean install -PgenerateApps
$ cd apps/spark-cluster-task
$ ./mvnw clean package
```

== Example

The following example assumes you have a Spark 1.6.3 cluster running. 
It also assumes that the app jar resource location is reachable from the cluster. 
You can store this jar in HDFS.

Run the `spark-cluster-task` app using the following command and parameters (we are using a class name of `org.apache.spark.examples.JavaSparkPi` for the `--spark.app-class` parameter in this example)

```
java -jar spark-cluster-task-{version}.jar --spark.app-class=org.apache.spark.examples.JavaSparkPi \
  --spark.app-jar=/shared/drive/spark-pi-test.jar \
  --spark.master=spark://<host>:7077 \
  --spark.rest-url=spark://<host>:6066 \
  --spark.app-args=10
```

Then review the stdout log for the finished driver to make sure the app completed.

//end::ref-doc[]

Commit message:

Contribution update to latest.
This is part of the https://github.com/spring-cloud-task-app-starters/app-starters-release/issues/43 effort.

spring-cloud-starter-task-spark-cluster/README.adoc, after:

//tag::ref-doc[]
= Spark Cluster Task

This task is intended to launch a Spark application. 
The task submits the Spark application for execution in a Spark cluster. 
This task is appropriate for a deployments where any file references can be resolved to a shared location.

== Options

// see syntax (soon to be automatically generated) in spring-cloud-stream starters
The **$$spark-cluster$$** $$task$$ has the following options:

//tag::configuration-properties[]
$$spark.app-args$$:: $$The arguments for the Spark application.$$ *($$String[]$$, default: `$$[]$$`)*
$$spark.app-class$$:: $$The main class for the Spark application.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spark.app-jar$$:: $$The path to a bundled jar that includes your application and its dependencies, excluding any Spark dependencies.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spark.app-name$$:: $$The name to use for the Spark application submission.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spark.app-status-poll-interval$$:: $$The interval (ms) to use for polling for the App status.$$ *($$Long$$, default: `$$10000$$`)*
$$spark.executor-memory$$:: $$The memory setting to be used for each executor.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$1024M$$`)*
$$spark.master$$:: $$The master setting to be used (spark://host:port).$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$spark://localhost:7077$$`)*
$$spark.resource-archives$$:: $$A comma separated list of archive files to be included with the app submission.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spark.resource-files$$:: $$A comma separated list of files to be included with the application submission.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spark.rest-url$$:: $$The URL for the Spark REST API to be used (spark://host:port).$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$spark://localhost:6066$$`)*
//end::configuration-properties[]

== Building with Maven

```
$ ./mvnw clean install -PgenerateApps
$ cd apps/spark-cluster-task
$ ./mvnw clean package
```

== Example

The following example assumes you have a Spark 1.6.3 cluster running. 
It also assumes that the app jar resource location is reachable from the cluster. 
You can store this jar in HDFS.

Run the `spark-cluster-task` app using the following command and parameters (we are using a class name of `org.apache.spark.examples.JavaSparkPi` for the `--spark.app-class` parameter in this example)

```
java -jar spark-cluster-task-{version}.jar --spark.app-class=org.apache.spark.examples.JavaSparkPi \
  --spark.app-jar=/shared/drive/spark-pi-test.jar \
  --spark.master=spark://<host>:7077 \
  --spark.rest-url=spark://<host>:6066 \
  --spark.app-args=10
```

Then review the stdout log for the finished driver to make sure the app completed.

== Contributing

We welcome contributions! Follow this https://github.com/spring-cloud-task-app-starters/app-starters-release/blob/master/spring-cloud-task-app-starters-docs/src/main/asciidoc/contributing.adoc[link] for more information on how to contribute.
//end::ref-doc[]
